[DatePicker] Migrate docs (#12)
mui-org/core-plus-pickers: docs/src/pages/components/time-picker/time-picker.md

---
title: TimePicker React component
components: TimePicker
---

# Time Picker

> <p class="description">Time pickers let user select a single time.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class="description">Time pickers allow the user to select a single time.</p>
```

> Time pickers let users select a single time (in the hours:minutes format).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Time pickers allow the user to select a single time (in the hours:minutes format).
```

The selected time is indicated by the filled circle at the end of the clock hand.

## Basic usage

> A time picker will automatically adjust to the locale's time setting, i.e. the 12-hour or 24-hour format. This can be controlled with `ampm` prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The time picker will automatically adjust to the locale's time setting, i.e. the 12-hour or 24-hour format. This can be controlled with `ampm` prop.
```

{{"demo": "pages/components/time-picker/BasicTimePicker.js"}}

## Localization

> Use `LocalizationProvider` to change the date-engine locale that is using to render time picker. Note that `am/pm` setting is switching automatically:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `LocalizationProvider` to change the date-engine locale that is used to render the time picker. Note that `am/pm` setting is switched automatically:
```

{{"demo": "pages/components/time-picker/LocalizedTimePicker.js"}}

## Responsiveness

The time picker component is designed and optimized for the device it runs on.

- The "Mobile" version works best for touch devices and small screens.
- The "Desktop" version works best for mouse devices and large screens.

By default, the `TimePicker` component uses a `@media (pointer: fine)` media query to determine which version to use.

> This can be customized by `desktopModeMediaQuery` prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be customized with the `desktopModeMediaQuery` prop.
```

{{"demo": "pages/components/time-picker/ResponsiveTimePickers.js"}}

## Time Validation

{{"demo": "pages/components/time-picker/TimeValidationTimePicker.js"}}

## Static mode

> It is possible to render any picker inline. This will be really to build custom popover/modal containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to render any picker inline. This will enable building custom popover/modal containers.
```

{{"demo": "pages/components/time-picker/StaticTimePickerDemo.js", "bg": true}}

## Landscape

{{"demo": "pages/components/time-picker/StaticTimePickerLandscape.js", "bg": true}}

## Seconds

> Seconds input can be used for selection of a precise time point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The seconds input can be used for selection of a precise time point.
```
